[Music]
getting ready to head over to Haley's
house to make some
guacamole turn this thing
off uhoh who's that
hey hey somebody is in the kitchen today
[Music]
what's up you guys it's Haley and we're
back with another episode of what's in
my kitchen presented by hexclad I'm very
excited because this episode is going to
be an anniversary per se and it's going
to be just as chaotic and fun and crazy
as it was the first time so please
welcome my next guest Kendall
Jenner I'm back hey
buddy she's back two years later two
four two four two two years later she's
back she was my first guest on who's in
my bathroom and Kendall has come to make
her mom's famous layered dip that is so
popular among amongst all of our friends
all of her family yeah I can't claim
that it's the Chris Jenner way but it's
definitely my way so we're going to do
that today but we're also before we do
that we are going to make a passion
fruit Spritz a passion fruit Spritz and
the reason we're making a passion fruit
Spritz is
because road is putting out the passion
fruit jelly peptide lip treatment so
before we start I think it's only right
that we just have to apply
m is what we got to
do stunning
[Music]
stunning it's better right well okay
Haley step aside it's my show
now
like she said no actually we're going to
do my angle so that you could
see okay yeah so we are starting with
the 818 passion fruit Spritz okay okay
well we're do we're in this together
grab a Shaker oh and the reason we're
making two different ones is because
mine's going to be with repo the Haley
twist the Haley twist okay okay we need
ice though first okay this is just
to this is an ounce this is a half ounz
we're going to do one and then this cuz
it's 1.5 yeah lots of tequila really you
could just
go5 oz of appol which is right
here so that would be the little
side
cool
whoa why do I like that
sound the appol sang to us I spilled a
little of my appol but it's
okay uh5 ounces of P that's not a lot of
passion through
but a hint a hint Maybe maybe it's
really
strong guys I feel like I want to try
this passion fruit juice
because I think we I'm going to do a
little more okay
yeah so I feel like it's technically
like one full
ounce of passion fruit okay so now we're
squeezing limes okay but we can't waste
cuz we need lime for later okay so we
won't waste it here go got a knife these
are our beautiful hexclad knives
on our beautiful hexclad board that they
have provided with us today that was
really that was a guys I blocked her
chop but like it was a gorgeous chop so
should I use half yeah let's
see ooh that
magnet nice here give me the other half
she's got strong
hands no no no Haley come on I just got
confused for a Split Second
are you ready for this
[Music]
yep really really cold it's really cold
freezing okay
but I forgot you're not supposed to take
the whole thing off this is the thing I
just made a huge mess okay we're going
to pretend like that didn't
happen we forgot no we forgot the ice
you know your thigh are supposed to be
in it when we it's okay here you
go what I was about to do I think I
thought I was going to tip this over
into her cup definitely like like a lot
of ice yeah to make it
pretty so now can you open that soda did
I a clean kitchen is a Happy Kitchen
Haley I'm really overwhelmed
okay okay jeez I was going to clean it
up it's it's because I you need to wipe
cuz we're we're I don't want passion
fruit
guacamole I'll rinse it before we
continue don't worry thank
you
nice I think a little more
right I like that sound the Rosemary
yeah yeah so what are you going to do
like the whole thing or like cut it in
half no you just do that e cute okay
it's so pretty where's my
phone wait Haley get in here literally
stunning what so we're going to try it
now cheers Che passion fruit
sprit I can imagine it right now Palm
Springs by the pool soaking up the sun
it's like the
perfect tan skin
[Music]
mhm mhm it's really fresh andt the added
lip peptide passion fruit in the like
it's just all making so much sense yeah
it's like you put the lip on and and
then you know leaves a little smudge and
you can and then you can smell it like
lick it off yeah I don't I don't know
thought we would here's a disclaimer
don't eat the peptide lip treatment it's
not edible but it does taste
[Music]
fine so recommendation don't make your
guac in the bowl that you're going to
present it in because you want it to
feel really clean so that's rule number
one oh my God these are I asked for
perfect avocados and so far these feel
pretty freaking perfect do you want me
to slice two of these and you can slice
two yeah I don't ever do it like that
why so you do it like against here yeah
exactly and I just like roll it around
yeah that's actually probably a lot
safer thank you Kendall of course mama
[Music]
can I'm not going to lie I'm kind of
slaying the avocado
cutting that's the right way they look
so cute I love this little tray too in
this heex clad board I've never seen
that before it has a little tray to put
all
your extras which I really am enjoying
that
today oh so the origin story of this dip
so we just called Chris Jenner to make
sure we had it all right she started
doing it in the 70s one of her friends
used to make a dip similar and then she
kind of put her Cris Twist on it chis
twist I like that whoa um I think I just
coined something for her oh my God she
should make a Dr called a Cris twist
don't steal that oh my God you have to
tell her that today I'll call her we
have these scraps we're going to have a
lot of extra stuff today and I'm going
to plop it in my little
composter which is really
fun and very cool that you can do that
I'm just going to let it sit for a
second cuz we're going to add more stuff
after I like to compost because it
reduces food waste so moving on we got
the avocados in here so now you're going
to going to mash them
up
okay so can I can I prep anything else
for you can I cut anything while we wait
um I mean you could cut open in some
limes I feel like how like
two two or three yeah to squeeze the
juice yeah okay I feel like the real
secret to
this is this pecante mild sauce I like
the mild I don't like spicy so I would
use the spicy yeah but like that's why
I'm going to add the jalapeno pepper
it's fine it's fine my side's going to
be my side and your side's going to be
your side so since we did six I'm going
to just like honestly eyeball it yeah I
don't throw too much I know my mom
really does a
lot let's start there maybe just a a
splash more let's see where this takes
us and then we can always add cuz you
can't go back can't go back you're right
you're right my mouth is actually
watering yeah and let me let me just say
this to say it it will never compare to
the Chris Jenner original but it's
pretty freaking
good just a splash
more then also these avocado under are
exactly what KJ the OG would use this
brand the low garlic
salt which seasoning is that this one's
the seasoning salt season salt season
salt see there's the KJ KJ difference
yeah here's a difference I didn't know
she us lemon she uses
lime so that was one full one let's see
this this is where I start taste testing
cuz I feel like the amount of lime is
very important I was going to say maybe
just like a dash more of
the FL but but this is the Moment Like
This adding the seasoning and adding the
lime is like where you really start
to so
good but you see what I'm
saying y okay I actually think we could
do a little more pecante too
okay Dash more of seasoned salt garlic
salt
pecante you know and then I think like
maybe a half more
okay tell me when I should get out the
cheese and sour cream we could grab that
actually it's a good idea and you could
start shredding the actual issue you're
going to face here is not eating all the
guac before you actually layer the dip
so so it's sharp cheddar specifically
sharp I'm just going to do the whole
block of cheese cuz I feel like I like a
lot of cheese okay now we're putting the
guac into our presentation pole so we
want it to be clean and pretty so I'll
scoop it
in definitely getting an arm workout
that's this definitely happening but I
feel really determined because I know
it's worth it and we spread that's
probably
enough like more than enough Spread
spread Spread
spread her Whispering spread sprad spr
okay so this is
done over the last year I feel like me
and Kendall went extra
deep just almost caught me he almost got
me a
little The Squeeze it's the squeeze CU
this is perfect for this because usually
you have to dollop it and then spread it
like I think actually I don't know no I
got it are you sure yeah you're going to
start in the center and then you can
still spread it but let's let's do it
like this first yeah
yeah oh Haley no oh oh oh cuz of the
sides no it's just this is the and then
you'll wipe it okay you know like how
they do in restaurants wait no should I
do all of it or you going oh that's good
see that's what I get scared about okay
but that's what happens regardless it's
just that's the hard part to make it all
not come through like that but it's okay
you can start with that and then put
another layer yeah yeah we'll add no the
squeezer is the best no it's crazy it's
a game changer so the sour cream is is
in there oh that's a that's a good
amount so far okay but wait let's put it
back on this this is what her mom got me
for my wedding present yeah she got me a
whole set of these there's some bowls
over here they from The Ivy so beautiful
I use them a lot does she not love me as
much as she loves you because that's
crazy this is my childhood and she
hasn't even gotten me these so you you
should feel really special now we're
literally just going to drizzle cheese
drizzle and again the cheese and the
sour cream are kind of the best part
so throw as much on there as you feel
okay good I was hoping you were going to
say that cuz I'm a cheese gal especially
this the sharp cheddar one the shredded
sharp cheddar the fresh okay like that's
good now the layering is really done on
like in my recipe this is where Chris
Jenner would then take olives and
tomatoes and whatever else my side yeah
then she'll layer it really beautifully
in this circular pattern um but we're
not going to do that at least I'm not
cuz I love it just like this and then I
throw like a little lime garnish on top
I need a little spice in my life so we
can yeah we can add for you I'm going to
do fresh chopped tomato and jalapeno
peppers
all right I'm also going to get these
jalapeno peppers out and I'm going to
just chop them cuz they're a little bit
big pieces smell
that why don't you like spicy
stuff I don't know I think it ruins
everything it's like distracting me from
all the other good that's happening in
my mouth or is it enhancing it no not at
all it's actually the only thing I can
feel cuz you know it's a feeling not a
taste yeah but these are pickled so I
feel like it's a feeling and a taste
that's yeah that's a different story
that I don't want to know
about me trying to show up The Chopping
like her face can show off whatever oh
your side is giving me
anxiety
Kendall that's the most Kendall
statement I've ever heard we should get
a pick though I'm going to send it to my
mom
smile the Haley side the Kendall side
Okay so we're about to dive into the dip
which I'm very excited about but
something that we always do on the show
is create the perfect bite so we need to
get the perfect scoop for the perfect
bite are you ready yeah are you a you're
you're an Originals girl you don't I'm
just going to do a regular chip I love a
scoop I think I'm going to go back and
forth and just see what feels good but I
like I like this scoop I like how
there's like a yeah yeah yeah yeah dip
in
it oh my chip fing broke in the bottom
got to be more careful Haley that's a
good bite though
[Music]
this has been another episode of what's
in my kitchen presented by hexclad with
my girl Kendall Jenner thank you for
being here Che I hope you guys enjoyed
this episode I hope you guys enjoy
making this drink and making this insane
dip that was so good don't forget to
like subscribe and ring the notification
Bell and I'll see you next time bye bye
if you have you take a sip and if you
have not let's clarify because last time
I wasn't yeah I got a little like dicey
the last time Lost in Translation never
have I ever Saed
marriage I have
not no you don't drink I I have no I
haven't have you been married before and
I didn't
know no it's post
I have
not my mom's old house fully haunted
crazy would happen shower would turn on
by itself doors would slam shut no one
was around and then one time my dad came
to me who is not like a believer in
stuff like this and was like wait a
minute I'm actually freaked out I heard
some in that in the whatever vents crazy
I I have many stories about this house
this is why you're so
Disturbed sorry to
you I quite literally just was like